README.md, before:

# Enhance Zooniverse Planet Hunters TESS experience

A collection of [userscripts](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Userscript) (aka lightweight browser extensions) to enhance [Zooniverse Planet Hunters TESS](https://www.zooniverse.org/projects/nora-dot-eisner/planet-hunters-tess/classify) experience.

Prerequisites: a userscript manager installed on your browser, e.g., [Tampermonkey](https://www.tampermonkey.net/), [violentmonkey](https://violentmonkey.github.io/), etc.

---

## Script Planter Hunter TESS Tweak

[Click to install](https://github.com/orionlee/planet_hunters_tess_userscripts/raw/master/zn_planet_hunter_tess.user.js)


- Make lightcurve viewer wider.
- Zooming with mouse wheel: prevent accidental scrolling the browser window.
- On lightcurve viewer: click with middle mouse button toggles between Annotate and Move subject.
- More keyboard shortcuts for lightcurve viewer.
- On subject talk pages:
  - button to let one copy TIC easily.
  - open search result in a new tab by Ctrl-Enter, Ctrl-Click, or middle button click.
  - Auto link TICs (to ExoFOP and search of Talk)
- *<font color="red">(NEW)</font>* Show subject numbers in a collection so that it is easier to find a subject.

Lightcurve viewer Keyboard shortcuts :

Action | Shortcuts
-------|----------
Move subject| M
Annotate | A, or Comma (next to M for ease of toggle)
Reset | 0, or O
Subject Info| I , or Numpad 1

---

## Other helpful scripts

They could be useful if you follow up on ExoMAST, ExoFOP, and SIMBAD

[ExoMAST TCE tweak](https://github.com/orionlee/planet_hunters_tess_userscripts/raw/master/tess_exomast_tce_tweak.user.js)

- convert transit epoch from MJD to BTJD, and show sector + relative time, so that they can compared to the subjects on Zooniverse.
- provide a warning if the reported planet radius might be way off, e.g., due to lack of star radius at the time of calculation.


[ExoMAST search tweak](https://github.com/orionlee/planet_hunters_tess_userscripts/raw/master/tess_exomast_search_tweak.user.js)

- auto search the given TIC, that works with the ExoMAST links generated by Subject Talk page with Planter Hunter TESS Tweak above.


[ExoFOP tweak](https://github.com/orionlee/planet_hunters_tess_userscripts/raw/master/tess_exofop_tweak.user.js) + [SIMBAD tweak](https://github.com/orionlee/planet_hunters_tess_userscripts/raw/master/tess_simbad_tweak.user.js)


- They work together so that when one follows up on SIMBAD from ExoFOP page, you can easily reference the IDs of the target to ensure SIMBAD referenced the same star.


[(Zooniverse generic) Commenting tweak](https://github.com/orionlee/planet_hunters_tess_userscripts/raw/master/zn_talk_commenting_tweak.user.js)

- For entering comments in Talk, when one pastes a link (or a link to an image), it will be converted into a markdown link or markdown image, effectively doing the job of the link / image  button by simply pasting.
- Provides keyboard shortcuts: `Ctrl-I` for italic, `Ctrl-B` for bold.

---

## Screenshots

Wider lightcurve viewer (by shrinking Done &Talk / Done panel)

![Wide Lightcurve viewer screenshot](https://imgur.com/Y1vQTo0.png)

Commit message:

screenshots for subject number in collection; TIC IDs highlight

README.md, after:

# Enhance Zooniverse Planet Hunters TESS experience

A collection of [userscripts](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Userscript) (aka lightweight browser extensions) to enhance [Zooniverse Planet Hunters TESS](https://www.zooniverse.org/projects/nora-dot-eisner/planet-hunters-tess/classify) experience.

Prerequisites: a userscript manager installed on your browser, e.g., [Tampermonkey](https://www.tampermonkey.net/), [violentmonkey](https://violentmonkey.github.io/), etc.

---

## Script Planter Hunter TESS Tweak

[Click to install](https://github.com/orionlee/planet_hunters_tess_userscripts/raw/master/zn_planet_hunter_tess.user.js)


- Make lightcurve viewer wider.
- Zooming with mouse wheel: prevent accidental scrolling the browser window.
- On lightcurve viewer: click with middle mouse button toggles between Annotate and Move subject.
- More keyboard shortcuts for lightcurve viewer.
- On subject talk pages:
  - button to let one copy TIC easily.
  - open search result in a new tab by Ctrl-Enter, Ctrl-Click, or middle button click.
  - Auto link TICs (to ExoFOP and search of Talk)
- *<font color="red">(NEW)</font>* Show subject numbers in a collection so that it is easier to find a subject.

Lightcurve viewer Keyboard shortcuts :

Action | Shortcuts
-------|----------
Move subject| M
Annotate | A, or Comma (next to M for ease of toggle)
Reset | 0, or O
Subject Info| I , or Numpad 1

---

## Other helpful scripts

They could be useful if you follow up on ExoMAST, ExoFOP, and SIMBAD

[ExoMAST TCE tweak](https://github.com/orionlee/planet_hunters_tess_userscripts/raw/master/tess_exomast_tce_tweak.user.js)

- convert transit epoch from MJD to BTJD, and show sector + relative time, so that they can compared to the subjects on Zooniverse.
- provide a warning if the reported planet radius might be way off, e.g., due to lack of star radius at the time of calculation.


[ExoMAST search tweak](https://github.com/orionlee/planet_hunters_tess_userscripts/raw/master/tess_exomast_search_tweak.user.js)

- auto search the given TIC, that works with the ExoMAST links generated by Subject Talk page with Planter Hunter TESS Tweak above.


[ExoFOP tweak](https://github.com/orionlee/planet_hunters_tess_userscripts/raw/master/tess_exofop_tweak.user.js) + [SIMBAD tweak](https://github.com/orionlee/planet_hunters_tess_userscripts/raw/master/tess_simbad_tweak.user.js)


- They work together so that when one follows up on SIMBAD from ExoFOP page, you can easily reference the IDs of the target to ensure SIMBAD referenced the same star.


[(Zooniverse generic) Commenting tweak](https://github.com/orionlee/planet_hunters_tess_userscripts/raw/master/zn_talk_commenting_tweak.user.js)

- For entering comments in Talk, when one pastes a link (or a link to an image), it will be converted into a markdown link or markdown image, effectively doing the job of the link / image  button by simply pasting.
- Provides keyboard shortcuts: `Ctrl-I` for italic, `Ctrl-B` for bold.

---

## Screenshots

- Wider lightcurve viewer (by shrinking Done &Talk / Done panel):

![Wide Lightcurve viewer screenshot](https://imgur.com/Y1vQTo0.png)


- Show subject number while viewing a collection:

![Subject number in a collection](https://imgur.com/X1gAhbf.png)


- Highlight TIC IDs in talk, with links to search talk with the TIC and to ExoFOP page on hover:

![TIC IDs on hover tooltip](https://imgur.com/PThBEPt.png)
